about it 82 hunter i also got 13 no
crafting speed and I'm gonna stay 98
under level all 98 stats and try and get
83 so I can catch drag name so I'm going
to walk get one more level of Hunter
just got 8,300 try again in blinks 96
over three more levels and number down
turbo and this should get me 97
construction two more levels and this is
so click intensive so I just want to get
it over with 16 keep likes laughs which
will take me probably like three or four
hours if I clicking at this rate so 98
construction will probably be my next
clip and three levels to go and this
should get me 97 cooking two more levels
to go and if I get one more total level
i'm home the devil's off maxing out so
that's pretty nice and I think let's see
how many I've like 11 k sharks to go
till 99 which is a couple hours but yeah
i might do construction in between but
we'll see for now another 98 skills in
chief and i'm about to get 98
construction and the breeze could be
something can i get cooking also
finished remaining sharks out left to
get 30 milk so I'm basically 99 if you
finish the top cake I'm gonna level all
nine nights together so let's get 98
construction with the last table I think
there we go one more level which is nine
key planks from now I'm gonna finish
them and stay at 30 mph speed
construction and after that I'm gonna go
to the next skill I don't know which one
yet poles and this should get me ad for
Hunter and set to some hunter I'm gonna
try and get it rough 86 so if i do the
tears of Coptics that XP will go to mine
instead of hunter so yeah there we go
8500 chief I decided to stop sweating
and I should get 91 now smelling is such
slow skill and requires quite a bit of
attention so
gonna do level every day or try to at
least and it's going to cost me 30 tumor
which is a lot as well oh yeah there's
no other way to do this and this should
be the fastest way at my level so till I
can make room play Dex I'll boost to
level plus 5 and then I'll keep logging
and that would be faster I think just
for now I'm just gonna do Eddie plates
just reached 92 smithing the whole point
of 99 and this should get me 93 smithing
also got over 290 motor clock speed is
pretty nice can I make room square
sheets which I will never make in my
life I think anyways I'm going to
continue doing submitting for now I'm
not sure if I'm gonna grind it out till
98 but yeah it's gonna cost me 30 mil
around 30 mulish a bit less now because
i started at 90 so it's probably gonna
cost me around 26 miles from now oh yeah
I wanna spend the money on all the
Bibles and after that I'm gonna grind
out hunter to get some money back
basically i sold my bendel set just 24
99 smithing I don't really need it right
now because I'm not pvm a more slaying
until the new state update comes out but
by the time it comes out I'll probably
finished smithing and done a lot of
hunter to get some money back so for now
I'm just gonna do smithing and other
skills I think it should get me 96
fletching after a couple clicks there we
go 96 fetching I cannot make nothing
interesting anyways absolutely buying 99
fletching as well with brothels you can
only buy 7k bolts every four hours I
think you can also buy them from slave
masters but I can be asked hopping and
buying from buying it from the shop so
I'm slowly bang it of the GE you make a
little bit lost but it's not much you
loose like to middle of something from
three mel XP and these three more levels
for fletching I'm gonna do some
submitting in the meanwhile after I
finish these bolts so yeah all I do now
is finish it submitting it and about
tickets 94 smithing there we go let's
see economic rumors nothing interesting
and five more levels to go and this
inventory should get me 95 smithing
there we go I can now make the room bed
access nothing special I'm gonna stick
with Eddie plates until i reach 98 and
then i'm gonna buy those dropping stouts
that booster smithing back one and that
will get me 99 and I level then from 98
or 99 will probably make room playtex
because you don't really lose money and
at the moment I'm losing quite a bit of
money on Eddie plates I should have got
the 99 earlier before well action for
the GE came out because it was then
profitable I think because the place
were going for 10.5 each because people
were selling it to the caramel stores
right now they only sell for 9.7 and I
was quite a bit of money I think from
90s meeting what I started till nineteen
i will probably cost me like around 30
mail already lost like 20 bail so far so
i might have might as well just get the
pulse bomb boost and doing playtex well
for now I'm just gonna stick with Eddie
pitch until i reach 98 three more levels
to go and then we're done this should
get me 97 Smitty two more levels and
then we're done let's see academic room
couch it's just reach 300 nope total XP
if King at nightmare zone and also
ranked 250 now after spending 100 hours
and 30 min I finding at 98 smithing and
it one more level and basically how I'm
gonna do that now is get like 200 312
and stouts get a possible boost every
time and make room to end its source so
I can actually make profit from 98 till
99 I'm gonna stop making Eddie plates
and yeah basically if you have 99
smithing you can make profit it's a
little bit by a it's free smithing XP
bar I don't really have a reason to get
over 99 so I'm just gonna get 99
smithing well 50k off 99 and then stop
like the other 98 skills I have because
i'm planning on leveling all my 16
remaining skills at once like it it pre
you see so yeah basically i need to do
1.2 mil XP in smithing which i'm going
to do with room 200 stores also reach
300 mil XP
as I mentioned in the last clip casually
was doing some fletching in the GE and I
just got 97 fletching without even
noticing anyways two more levels and I'm
just going to stick with broad bolts
because you don't agree this money that
way I'll actually use a couple mil but
that's it maybe two or three more from
96 to 99 but yeah it's kind of fast I
think but there are other methods but
they cost more and I can't be as
spending money and fletching right now
so I'm just going to stick with broad
poles from now I decided to finish our
construction and I am now 2k away from
99 next up is smithing so I'm going to
finish the 416 k and leave like 1k off
99 and then smithing instruction is me
finished and I've gonna focus on the
next skill I don't know which one yet I
think it's gonna be hunter but we'll see
and this should be the last inventory
for 99 smithing we're gonna make sure I
don't get 99 so basically submitting is
finished as well and I'm gonna focus on
the next skill probably do some hunter
for money because I'm running low on
money I spent so much money on smithing
in construction so I need to make some
money back so yeah smithings finish
skinning supplies and